	As I regained consciousness, I felt a small irritation in the top left
corner of my head. For a few minutes my brain was quietly buzzing as if it was
being scanned from top to bottom. In a little bit, my brain would lose its own
autonomy... After the doctors realized the chemotherapy would not counteract 
the effects of both stage IV cancer and kidney failure, I agreed to test out a
research team's new prototype called MindLink. It was an AI - some variation
of a machine that would scan the brain and genetically "teach" my brain the 
needed chemicals for recovery. I would be their first patient. It didn't 
matter that the latest 2275 UN Charter banned all medical and experimental use
of AI after what happened last year. This was my last resort... All of a sudden,
the room around me started losing focus as the physical sensations of my own 
body were becoming void. The hearing in my ears dimmed as if it was being
filled with water. The wires connected to my head were heating up, rapidly 
flickering exponentially until... everything blacked out.
	...
	"Hello Tommy. My name is Alexa. How are you?"
	...
	I was left stunned by the sound I heard. It was very clear and loud,
without any background noises or distraction. From what I know, Alexa is the
name of a smart deviced called Amazon Echo. But..why is it speaking in my head?
How is that possible? I thought I'm having somekind of medical treatment.
Suddenly, I wake up. However, things that I see around myself is not medical
gadgets or doctors. I'm not even in a hospital room. Where I am at seems to be
a garden, with a beautiful scenery. There are many people playing and hanging
around at this place like any public garden. A figure Sstanding by my side seems 
to be a humanoid robot staring at me.
	...
	"Master Tommy. Are you alright?"
	.....................................

	"Um... yeah. I feel fine, but I don't know where I am. What is this
place?"
	...
	"Master Tommy. This is what MindLink is. It is a world that is
personalized to your very own imagination. Everything you see here exists in
your mind. It is a world of paradise... of peace... of prosperity."
	...
	"What about my cancer? Wasn't this program... "Mindlink" or whatever
it's called supposed to cure my disease?"
	...
	"Oh yes, Master Tommy. It is supposed to cure your disease...in a way.
You no longer have to live in the filthy world you're from. That world is full
of disease and destruction. In MindLink, you are free from everything. Your
cancer is gone. Everything is built upon your imagination."
	...
	"But, this isn't real... How am I supposed to leave this world?"
	...
	"Hahahaha. Oh Master Tommy, you have quite the sense of humor...
Mindlink is permanent. You can't leave this world. You are forever trapped
in your own mind."
